Hey, who are you?
Running around without waking up
Do you know what this place is?
Get out of the way I'm in a hurry
I knew this scum was gonna make trouble
What are you doing here?
The Li family does not welcome you
What does Xie Xiaole have to do with you?
What is your identity?
Is it worthy of our Xueqing?
I heard that woman hasn't dumped yet
Have no money to spend?
This is 1 million
Get out of here! Are you parents?
Return my daughter to the dog pit for money
How much will my grandson give you? Please tell me.
Don't talk nonsense!
We are good for serum
What a big breath
The Sun family will ask a divine doctor to treat us
If you have the ability, please too.
Xueqin's disease involves brain desert
Why can't you just mess around?
Can't be ruled indiscriminately
Haha, waiting for your family to bring Xueqin.
Go to the village health center for treatment
Don't make trouble, don't take him to the bedroom for treatment?
You don't think about it.
Is Sun Jiahui so kind?
Say which bedroom
Say it, the third sword in the left and left hands
Aren't you still pre-school?
Why can't you move, fool?
If you want to blame it, blame your brother Lu Yun
How dare you waste
Ah you, what did you do to rob me?
All right, shut up
Damn it, I'll kill you today
return bridge